# Diferentially-Private-Linear-Regression
2 scripts: 1. Noisy SGD for training linear model for health insurance data; 2. DP Test of significance and p-values for regression coefficients for simulated normal data

Script 1. Noisy SGD with clipping. To be used with health insurance cost data from https://www.kaggle.com/mirichoi0218/insurance. First conducts exploratory data analsis and pre-processing. Then implements a clipped version of Noisy SGD similar to that appearing in Bassily et al. (2014) "Private ERM..." and Abadi et al. (2016) "Deep learning with DP", as well as an implementation of non-private SGD. We compare the performance of these algorithms vs. non-private OLS for various choices of epsilon. (We fix delta = 1/n, but user can modify.) 

Script 2. DP Test of Significance. Algorithms based on Barrientos et al. (2019), "Differentially private significance tests for regression coefficients." Script first generates normal linear data such that Y = X*beta + eta, where eta and X are i.i.d. normal and beta is a fixed parameter vector. Then develops T statistic for test of significance for jth beta coefficient and corresponding p-value. 
User must set the following parameters before running: j in [d] (for choosing which beta parameter to test); experiment = 1 to optimize hyperparameters vs. experiment = 2 to plot results for all parameter combos (slower runtime for experiment 2); bet for true value of beta in indices where beta is nonzero (this only matters when H is false). User can also modify n, d, and number of MC rounds N for simulated p-values if he/she chooses. 
